#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
astroid==2.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-cover==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==2.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
djangorestframework-expander==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-expander
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
git+https://github.com/alanjds/drf-nested-routers.git@8686392f91b114e01f3781807dea60e9a80d3e07#egg=drf-nested-routers==0.91
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
inflect==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2-pluralize
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
    #   sphinx
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mypy
mypy==0.812
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mysqlclient==1.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pyblake2==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-core
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pytest-cov==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   sphinx
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==1.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinxcontrib-websupport
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mypy
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
