#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.3.2
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.2.0
    # via edx-lint
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-cover==6.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django==3.2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-expander
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
djangorestframework-expander==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-nested-routers @ git+https://github.com/alanjds/drf-nested-routers.git@8686392f91b114e01f3781807dea60e9a80d3e07
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==4.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==11.1.0
    # via factory-boy
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mypy==0.930
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via mypy
mysqlclient==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==7.2.4.171
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyblake2==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via diff-cover
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.12.2
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.4.4
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via faker
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel.yaml==0.17.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
